I can tell you that the occult people all believe stuff can step right out of thin air.
That's what they write in all the documents.
I mean, no good occultist doesn't believe... I mean, you're not a very good occultist.
You can't get that to happen, I guess.
I wouldn't be impressed with you.
And since so much deals with the occult,
it's important to understand the history behind some of the occult.
Jesus said to be wise as serpents, but gentle as doves.
So when we look at occult, we probably ought to start in
at some of the basic elements of it in your modern age.
And the hero of modern occultism, or one of them,
would be, of course, Aleister Crowley, seen here with the eye on top of his head,
the pyramid eye on top of his head.
And that symbol right there, it's only really appropriate
that that symbol begin to take its rise again as you lead towards the end.
That symbol is the 70.
Images of that rotating thing captured by U.S. Navy aircraft,
sensors locking in on the target.
Commander David Fravor saw it firsthand during a training mission,
describing it like a 40-foot-long tic-tac.
This entity called Lamb, he claimed would physically manifest
in the midst of some of these rituals.
It is also believed to be the first drawing in modern history
of what today is called a gray alien.
That's kind of interesting, isn't it?
This is a story that starts with a snake.
This show has closely followed the possibility there could be
unknown entities in the skies above us, I believe that,
but could they be even closer than that, right here?
A new Wall Street Journal report profiles the many parents
who think they can see ghosts, specters, and mysterious movements
on their advanced baby monitors.
Well, the UFO phenomenon, it was always there.
Oh, man, it's breaking our physics.
Maneuvering rapidly and changing direction.
And as we both looked out the right side of our airplane,
we saw a disturbance in the water and a white object,
oblong, pointing north.
The object was first sighted in 2004,
then similar objects again in 2015.
But, I mean, the objects were always, I mean, the whole UFO phenomenon
would just appear and then disappear.
So the question becomes, where's it when you don't see it?
And there's so many of them, man.
People catch these on their cell phones everywhere.
It sounds like it's not coming from other planets.
It's almost like it's a more localized phenomenon.
Do that which is coming, as it were, indeed,
know you what entities that are in arrow ships?
What call them?
Aliens.
Ah, but they are not aliens.
ETs.
Extraterrestrial.
Indeed.
Humanity.
That which is called they will become very much a part,
as it were, indeed, of your plane.
There's a whole fleet of them.
Look on the ASA.
My gosh.
They're all going against the wind.
The wind's 120 miles from the west.
A whole thing, dude.
This was extremely abrupt, like a ping-pong ball bouncing off a wall.
The ability to hover over the water and then start a vertical climb
from basically zero up towards about 12,000 feet
and then accelerate in less than two seconds and disappear
is something I had never seen in my life.
Now, over here, just like we have the Enki being summonsed
at the Tower of Babel, who steps forth from another reality
to see Nimrod.
Do you know any Nimrods in your world?
Well, and Aleister Crowley, the same with his pyramid up here,
stated this character, this alien-looking thing,
would step through from another dimension,
accompanied by this Sumerian, Assyrian, ancient Kang.
Isn't that interesting?
That means a baby is there.
Some parents describe blurry humanoid figures.
Others say they see floating white orbs.
Brett Larson is a host for Fox News Headlines 24-7.
He joins us. What's the deal?
It's an interesting one, right?
As more of us put cameras in our homes, we're catching some unusual events,
and some think, well, if I look over here,
here's Manly P. Hall, a 33rd-degree Freemason.
Black magician Elias Levy, that's him up here,
is depicted, pictured above, using a grimoire.
That's a book of ritual magic.
He has opened a portal to the dark world, right there,
to summons an ancient wisdom demon called a Yoda.
So that's what stepped through.
So the circle he's got under him, with the pentagrams and all of this,
he's created another pentagram over there,
where he will summons the Yoda that will come through.
I don't know how in the Star Wars films you could ever copyright the Yoda,
because I see Yoda dolls everywhere,
and I'm assuming that Star Wars believes it owns those.
I don't know how possibly you could copyright that,
since it's really just hijacking stuff from Manly P. Hall,
who was hijacking stuff previously from Elias Levy.
And this could be considered fairly modern occult,
because occult goes all the way back to the serpent at the beginning.
So we're taking a journey into the dimensions.
So here's our little snake guy.
Now, the word serpent there is actually going to be Nakosh,
the Nakosh that was in the garden.
Just as there were two trees in the garden,
we're going to find that history also has two paths, a choice.
Look up Trey Smith's Choice.
That's a video that a lot of people, it's buried,
a lot of my stuff gets buried now on the internet.
It used to not be, but you've got to search for it by name now.
Trey Smith's Choice.
You'll find a set of three videos, coincidentally,
that you may just like when you finish this.
I pray the blood of Jesus and a protection
over everything that you're about to watch in this video.
As we go through some of the history of the occult
and all of the books, the materials that I'm reading out of
are available over at GodInANutShell.com
Now the serpent was more crafty, crafty, witchy, witchy.
Arum is the word there.
Arum.
Arum than any of the other beasts of the field
that the Lord God had made.
And when they ate of the tree of knowledge of good and evil,
the word for naked right afterwards is arum.
Man had just taken on a property of the serpent.
The occult, all of the demons and devils and all of that
are really good guys.
In the Torah, in the Bible, they're bad guys.
In fact, the word demon means wise.
Means wise is what it means.
Now I'm going to skip you forward.
I'm going to skip you forward to right over here.
We're going to come into the book of Nimrod
because this is where our occult gets deep and thick.
The iron is a powerful symbol for God,
but is copied by the demonic.
The iron, as with the aleph.
The aleph is the first letter of the Hebrew alphabet.
It's the silent letter.
Letter that starts everything, yet it's silent.
It's hidden.
It's there, but it's not there, yet it starts everything.
The iron is like that letter.
It is silent letter.
The iron is said to see, but it does not speak.
It represents the light of God from Genesis 1-3.
However, in Matthew 6, 22-23, it states,
if the eye be the evil eye, if the eye be the evil eye,
the iron ra is what that's called.
The evil eye.
Then how great is that darkness?
Now Alistair Crowley, seen over here,
and this is a role model for a lot of these
modern day witchy groups.
And a lot of these modern day witchy groups,
they have a lot of prophecies of their own.
And this is something, if you're in one of those groups,
what I might consider is how many times in the past,
when you've been in your group,
and it doesn't matter whether you're a billionaire
or whether you're a guy that just entered
and doesn't know nothing about it.
How many times have their models on stuff been wrong?
Just a question.
There's something wrong with the prophecies.
There's something wrong with the things
speaking on the other side
if you can't get stuff right all the time, huh?
I'm banking it fails you hard in the end.
These are the same little guys, by the way.
This is the same stuff that people describe
in going to hell experiences.
And I've listened to lots and lots
and lots of those over time.
These are the things that oftentimes
those hell experiences, right?
When they die, they're conscious,
they're looking around,
and before they go downward,
like a tractor beam takes them down, right?
It's ugly.
Oh, it shakes them.
If they...
These little dudes come out on a podium,
except they're uglier than that.
And they're laughing at you.
Anyhow, we'll continue.
This was one of Crowley's guides.
He called it Lamb.
Isn't that priceless?
Crowley is likely the most famous occultist
in modern history,
living from 1875 to 1947.
Now, that's the year the aliens crashed in Roswell,
isn't it?
It's also the same year that
that Israel became a nation.
Isn't that funny?
You're 70 years from all of that,
right here on this page.
It is the symbol one would expect to find
leading towards the end times.
So, the end times.
The ayin.
It's a symbol you'd expect to appear.
It means 70.
Israel just had their 70th anniversary.
I was at it.
The CCP, the Chinese Communist Party government
just celebrated their...
You've got a lot of 70s popping up.
70 there.
And also the symbol for Daniel's 70th week.
So, your entire revelation in times
with the Antichrist and all of this
occurs in what's known as Daniel's 70th week.
So, it should be appropriate
that that ayin pops up during that time period.
This is a cool book.
The image to the right is a dimensional entity
he called Lamb.
There it is right there.
Crowley did ceremonies
involving the drinking of blood.
The drinking of blood from goats
and sacrifice.
Almost another world, right?
On the other side of this one.
You know, on your computer you've got the world.
If you create a digital world
and if you hit the show code key
a whole other world appears
that was playing games
and manipulating that world, right?
The world running your world.
Let's keep going.
This is a being he believed
would step right out of thin air.
Crowley is famously quoted as saying
today they call them angels and demons.
Tomorrow they will call them something else.
That's a famous quote by Aleister Crowley
on this being here.
Now, I'd like to go one step further with that.
Lamb, the alien looking character above
was claimed by Crowley
to travel with another entity
he claimed was called Ayawas.
Ayawas was said to be
a dimensional ancient Assyrian king
that Crowley described as
the face of a savage king
and eyes veiled lest their gaze
should destroy what they saw.
My, Crowley's personal angel
an ancient Assyrian Babylonian
Sumerian king.
Isn't that fascinating?
Well, that takes us right over here
to Marduk
which I believe was Mardan
Nimrod's wicked son.
It was actually a state from
that's actually it was Mardan
from who the statement comes
from the wicked comes wickedness.
And there he is with his pet dragon
and all of his imagery.
There's always a reptilian characteristic
to the occult.
That doesn't mean that liking snakes is bad.
It just means that they do that.
They also like that they love the crow
the falcon, the raven, the dark crow.
They love the crow.
So if we look over here
at the entrance of the Enki
which is what we found.
So the even the ancient Sumerians
in their documents
they were heavily focused
heavily focused
because they knew about
they not only knew
they were practicing.
The most prized thing
was the idea
that you could birth into reality
a child from one of these demonic beings.
That's what their documents
are telling you.
That's what's happening in Genesis 6.
That's certainly what was happening
in Enoch 6.
And that's what your
your pagan texts were highly
highly favoring.
Now, so one of the characters
who was very very prized
in Sumerian texts
would of course be the Enki
the Lord of the Earth.
Lord of the Earth.
Enki is a being summons
the water wiggly lines
represent the abzu
or the underworld.
Enki's raven is at his side.
The witch hat is really the symbol
for the false tree of life.
Now, over here we deal with
the fall of the angels.
So the Enki
and we're going to learn about
a new character here
that they were worshipping.
Enki comes forth
from a creature called Tiamat.
This is a serpent.
A wisdom serpent.
Who is in the feminine.
Now, you're going to find
this great mother goddess
and all of these
particularly in sex magic
practice rituals
where there's
where there's sacrifices involved.
Notice that.
Tiamat comes in the feminine
in the form of the god of chaos
and also the form of the dragon.
You're going to find dragons.
This reptilian cold bloodedness
is very critical to the occult.
That is its origin.
All these symbols
represent its origin.
Enki is summoned
often by Enmerkar.
That's Nimrod
in the ancient text.
The Sumerian text
following the flood.
Here's the Vatican's
Here is the Vatican's
serpent shaped cathedral.
It's shaped exactly
like the Tiamat.
Here is a depiction
from Sumeria
of the Tiamat.
An ancient creator god
according to Sumerians.
It is a feminine.
A goddess.
Mother goddess.
Seductive serpent
is what she is.
There she is.
And the Enki
seen here
or right down here
here is
so at the base
where the Pope stands
there's a little Pope down there
and there he stands
with this thing
coming out of the abyss
the abzu.
See the wiggly lines
all around it?
And this contorted thing
this contorted demonic thing
coming loose.
That doesn't make all...
We've all got demonic stuff
in us.
Serpents in our life.
But that's what
that's a depiction of
whether they know it or not.
The occult is believed
since the beginning
that demonic entities
are real.
And that they can manifest.
Now let me tell you
one other thing about
these entities right here
at the bottom of the page.
These entities
these entities
that these people are going to
for advice
some of it probably
for how they write
world policy
and other things
for their little companies.
The only purpose
in this place
this place is a test.
You're living in a test.
It's all about
which tree you choose.
These entities
not only hate you
and the fact
the demons means wisdom
they're smarter than you.
You're not going to
outsmart them.
The reason you're told
not to deal with them
is because they will win.
There are no deals
between devils and men.
None.
You will lose that deal
and they will come out
on their podiums
looking like that
and laughing.
We got you man.
Once you hit that
little Shokut Kokid
on reality
you see those little guys
coming out on the podium
are you falling downwards?
Game over.
These entities
not only hate you
they wish they could be you.
That's why they hate you
that much.
Here's the Enki
over here.
Speaking of things
coming out of thin air
and it's just one set
of two pages
of this book by the way.
Stepping through a portal
of the abyss
with the crow
notice he's wearing
he's got the crow there.
These are all
the witches symbols
of today
even at Halloween.
You got the witch
with the magic brew
with the frogs popping out.
All these symbols
come from the ancient pagan world.
He's stepping through
the Ebzu
with the little fishes in there.
He's got the
that's the illusory
tree of life on his head
is what that symbol
is meant to represent.
It's also where you get
the witch's hat
of this modern age.
The crow the raven
is not only highly regarded
by the occult today
but is the bird
deified
made a god
by both the epic
of Gilgamesh
flood account
and the Eridu genesis.
Eridu is where
the Tower of Babel was.
You have two birds
that were released.
The epic of Gilgamesh
and the Sumerian texts
all glorify
the crow
the raven
the falcon.
The Bible
glorifies the dove.
Again
you're back
you're always back
to the two trees.
Choose to stay
who you serve.
Now if we look
at Job 1
okay so Noah
opened the door
and he sent out a raven
and it kept flying
to and fro.
That's a direct quote
from Genesis 8.
Now if we read
to Job 1 6
it says
always notice the numbers
verse 6
the Beneha Elohim
that means the angels
came to present themselves
before the Lord
and Satan
was amongst them.
And the Lord
said to Satan
the accuser of the brethren
where havest thou come?
And Satan
answered the Lord
from roaming
the earth
and from going
to and fro
in it.
Just like the dark crow.
We're going to close there
the representative
of the crow.
These are
and we're going to
go over some more
of this stuff
including the signs
and the heavens
and all of this
what the occult
I believe it's important
for you to understand
what the occult believes.
The history
has always been the same
between the Torah
or the Bible
and the occult.
They're the same.
And when you say demonic
you're really saying
man based.
So when you're saying
the doctrines of devils
you're really saying
the doctors of men.
You have the Lord
and you have the doctrines
of men
the doctrines of devils.
When Jesus stood out there
on the ship
and he was actually
the disciples
were terrified.
Just like many
are terrified right now
in these hours.
And the ship was rocking
and they thought
oh it's going to go down
every sign says
it's going to go down
and where does it say Jesus was?
He was asleep
in the bottom of the boat.
They only came and got him
when they needed him.
When it looked desperate.
What did he say?
He said we're dying man.
They've got Jesus on the boat.
They've seen all these miracles
just like the Hebrews did
in the Exodus.
The waters are parted
and they're out there
making a cow.
We're dying.
We're going to die.
We're all going to die.
That's the guy
that's been raising people
from the dead.
Oh ye of little faith.
Then he walks out there
in the bow of the boat.
It says the winds
and the waves.
The winds always represent
the doctrines.
All words have a literal
and a symbolic meaning.
All words.
Particularly in the Bible.
The winds represent
the doctrines of men.
The doctrines of devils.
The winds were violent.
And the waves.
Waves represent the oceans.
And Jesus walked
to the bow of the boat.
The front head of the boat.
And he said
peace be still.
And both obeyed him.
I speak right now
in this video.
You're not there.
You're not to the end time
part of this story yet.
The end time revolves
around Israel.
You're not there yet.
You're what has always
been in the world.
The Lord's about to bring
some things that he's
been talking about
since the beginning
of the book.
Together like a perfect glove.
And the Lord God said
the man has now
become one of us.
That's because
what you're looking at
in the opening of Genesis
is that God's being
represented in a triplicate.
Triplicate.
I'll explain that more
in detail as well.
He must not be allowed
to reach out his hand
and take from the tree of life
eat and live forever.
Be bound to sin.
The nekosh.
The arom.
Forever.
So the Lord God
banished him from the garden
of Eden
to work the ground
from which he had been taken.
And after he drove
the man out
he placed
on the east side
of the garden
of Eden
cherubim
and a flaming sword.
The sword.
The sword is the Bible.
The sword is the truth.
The flesh this way and that.
This way and back and forth.
To guard the way
to the tree of life.
Jesus said
so the sword is the truth, right?
To guard the way
to the tree of life.
The way to the tree of life.
What did Jesus always say?
I am the way
the truth
and the life.
No man cometh before the Father
goes to that tree of life
but by me
Jesus Christ.
We're going to stop there
on that version
of walking through these.
I'm going to have
I'm going to take you through
the Tiamat
and the snake
as it makes its way
through history
as we continue
in the partner section
at GodInANutshell.com
God bless
every last one of you
and your families
on the other side
of the screen.